#summary How to create themes for D-Box 2.2
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

D-Box 2.2 supports "theming". Theming is a method to alter the look of the application. Themes in D-Box consists of two parts: A theme file that defines the theme, and images that the theme uses.


= Theme properties =

The theme file contains a set of properties. All properties is defined in this manner:

{{{
property := value
}}}

For example:

{{{
name := Truben.no
}}}

The available properties are:

*name*

Defines the name of the theme

Example:
{{{
name := A cool theme
}}}
*author*

Credits the author of the theme.

Example:
{{{
author := Peder
}}}
*url*

The url to the theme's homepage. note that you can't use //

Example:
{{{
url := truben.no
}}}
*header-background-image*

Sets the background image for the toolbar.

Example:
{{{
header-background-image := img/background.png
}}}
*header-background-repeat*

Defines how many times the background image should be repeated. If you don't want a background image, set this property to 0.

Example:
{{{
header-background-repeat := 100
}}}
*window-background-color*

Defines the background color of the window. The color is defined using the same notation as you would use in HTML and CSS. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hex_triplet#Hex_triplet More info]

Example:
{{{
window-background-color := #FF0000
}}}
This would produce a red window.

*gamelist-background-color*

Defines the background color of the gamelist. The color is defined using the same notation as you would use in HTML and CSS. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hex_triplet#Hex_triplet More info]

Example:
{{{
gamelist-background-color := #FF0000
}}}
This would produce a red gamelist.

*gamelist-foreground-color*

Defines the text color in the gamelist. The color is defined using the same notation as you would use in HTML and CSS. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hex_triplet#Hex_triplet More info]

Example:
{{{
gamelist-foreground-color := #FF0000
}}}
This would produce a red window.

*gamelist-selected-background-color*

*gamelist-selected-foreground-color*

*gamelist-dafaultgame-image*

*gamelist-favorite-image*

*gamelist-notfavorite-image*

*search-background-color*

*search-foreground-color*

*search-inactive-color*

*header-play-active-image*

*header-play-inactive-image*

*header-edit-active-image*

*header-edit-inactive-image*

*header-tools-active-image*

*header-tools-inactive-image*

*header-search-active-image*

*header-search-inactive-image*

*show-borders*

*show-window-border*

*show-unified-toolbar*

Defines if the theme should use the unified toolbar on MacOS X. Possible values are _true_ and _false_. Default is _true_.

Example:

{{{
show-unified-toolbar := false
}}}